hey everybody welcome to another rousing
edition of Facebook live Q&A I'm your
host Tom Bilu and I am here with the
amazing voice of this community Cindy
hello
everyone questions we have some
questions from our previous Facebook
live which is was not last week but the
week before did we skip a week yeah cuz
we you were traveling and then you the
success live Facebook Q&A so we some
people some people just don't keep to a
schedule shameful I know guys me aside
and have a
talk um we've got one from Christian
Nana found out about impact the a week
ago and I'm already totally hooked my
question to you what is it that you
think makes your show so successful and
relevant wow kick it off with a deep one
yeah let's Dive Right In um
so if I'm honest I think it's a few
things so one is that around here we're
a team so you're getting a lot of
different flavors and people and voices
and whether that's invisible so um think
of guest selection that uh guest
selection is really several people so
you've got Dr finesse you've got
Courtney who literally is doing her best
to be an invisible part of this team but
is incredible and an amazing contributor
and it makes me very sad that she
doesn't want to like sort of be visually
recognized um and then of course Lisa
and myself that's really sort of the
guest selection committee and then Cindy
is constantly finding people that are
amazing and she's throwing forward and I
mean really anybody um on the team will
put guest ideas out there and so as a
team we select guests so that's first
and foremost and I think the guests are
really a huge part um of what makes
impact Theory successful um we're highly
collaborative so you're getting just a a
lot of Mind meld I like to think we're
all having fun and so people can feel
that um and then in terms of the way
that I interview is very different than
most people so um looking at the
landscape and assessing how you can
differentiate yourself one of the things
we want to do very early on and the
promise that I made was I want this to
deliver value and if it's going to
deliver value then I have to do a lot of
research to give you an interview that
that person's not going to give anywhere
else so I think that the interviews are
unique um also my big thing is we only
bring people on to the show that inspire
me so as we you know we do big guest
pitching sessions as the guests are
pitched I ask like do I think as I
research this person that there's going
to be something in there that I'll fall
in love with that I can learn from
that's going to empower me um and so
those are the people that we're bringing
on so by the time they come on like I
know their universe so well um that I'm
able to get them to lower their defenses
cuz one when you're being interviewed
there really is something amazing uh
that causes you to bond lower your guard
when they know you and they've really
put in the work to um find out what
you're really about what you're trying
to do they're trying to get you beyond
the sound bite and so that's our goal
with that um I think the team does a
phenomenal job of making the guest feel
welcome and I really can take like
0.001% of the credit for that the rest
is a team because I'm usually up
prepping in my room literally till about
3 minutes before we start rolling I
would have said more but Cindy would
have called BS I think she's one of the
people that suffers with last minute
things that have to be done as I finally
uh pull myself out of the Cocoon of
research um and so the team makes them
feel really really welcome so by the
time they get on stage there's just like
a sense of okay I'm here with friends
and then I give everyone a pitch before
they come on not a pitch but like
there's a thing I say to them which is
I'm not a journalist I am not here to
ask you hard questions you've inspired
me and I want to give you a chance to
inspire the audience so they know like
dude I can't tell like I've already told
my team I don't do interview VI anymore
for people that are going to take my
words synthesize them and then put them
out into the world and I don't do that
because I feel that it is what ends up
coming out is so weird and you feel like
I remember the the one that made this
become a thing uh I'm on the call
they're asking me all these weird
questions and when I got off um I said
to the team I said I felt like I was
being set up and then of course the
article comes out and was super [__]
weird and I thought totally um it's easy
to make me sound crazy by the way like
if you abstract things and put them in a
certain context like I get that uh but I
sounded crazy and so I was like all
right no more of this so the guests
usually show up having come up in that
world they know how often people are
trying to be salacious trying to get
like a juicy angle or whatever um and
that's just not us we want to actually
help Inspire and educate people so that
they have what they need to go and
manifest their dreams so put that all
together um and and I I think that's
what makes us special that and we do the
Deep work so all of us are all thinking
very very hard about how to make this
exceptional we just had a frenzy of
activity um this morning around an idea
that I won't reveal yet but I'm very
excited about uh and when you see the
team come together and everybody
breathing their enthusiasm and their
passions and it's just that's how we do
it it's a team that's the I could have
stopped at that I suppose team we have a
good team but I feel like the in-depth
answers are always appreciated you know
like good takeway
all right so this one comes from
Francisco Vergara how do you deal with
high conflict personalities like in the
workplace or in life in
general man that is a case by casee
basis sometimes you have to diffuse the
situation and normally that's it so
normally as someone is escalating I'm
de-escalating and I'm becoming more and
more Zen and I'm getting more and more
chill and the more they're freaking out
the more I'm talking slowly and I'm
getting calm because you're dealing with
algorithms you're dealing with emotion
you're not necessarily dealing with um
something that makes a lot of sense uh I
don't usually do well longterm with
people that are
um uh really combative like that because
I think it's super toxic to the
environment and then there are times
where you have to Big Dog so and that's
just the way that it is so when I first
um was working on the line back at Quest
where I was actually making protein bars
and I had um what maybe was brilliant
was maybe stupid I'll leave others to
decide we started u we told the
neighborhood that we'll hire people
regardless of felony convictions so we
had um literally Bloods and Crips
working on the same line uh former drug
dealers um many
ex-convicts um Killers I mean literally
like the whole thing with the teardrop
tattoo like the whole night and you at
for that to work you can't be weak you
can't back down so I had to do like the
big dog routine a lot um reason I did it
I is a topic for another day but it was
really really a beautiful period in my
life um and so anyway I had to Big Dog
them but then as your company gets
bigger big dogging freaks people out and
it becomes like this super weird thing
in the culture and you don't want that
and you don't want people to be
intimidated people are at their best
when they're relaxed they're calm
they're creative um so nine times out of
10 you got to get rid of people like
that yeah it totally makes sense yeah
and in life then it really depends like
for me if somebody's coming after me I'm
relatively chill although I have um
almost got in a fight once at the gym
that was really stupid embarrassing um
because I don't know it just caught me
off guard it was so [__] weird like I
don't want to waste time with the story
it was so weird I was literally like
what is happening right now so anyway it
triggered some bizarre deep-seated uh
caveman thing in me um but Dr Smith Dr
Smith agent Smith welcome what's
happening now so we're trying to figure
out how to fix it but it sounds okay on
on Lisa's end okay but we're getting
comments that we've got some weird sound
uh oh well agent Smith is on it
everybody I love that he tried to be all
like sneaky and ninja we always do stuff
like that where we're like let's just be
super stealth and he always call it that
I have to I want feel like the right
just [__] come on my favorite though
was when we introduced Chase and he was
a torso with no
head uh but yeah so anyway uh that is
sort of the long and the short of that
one and do you think that comes from
self-awareness just like as a followup
what having to Big Dog or knowing when
to just knowing when to you know how to
treat people in different context I
guess for me it's always asking the
question what's going to get me what I
want right so I'm so goal oriented it's
like the time in fact that I almost got
in the fight it was because what I
wanted was not to be taken advantage of
like it just triggered that thing in me
and so then it was just like well you
have to keep escalating escalating
escalating because it's like what do you
do if your goal is to not be taken
advantage of then you can't have a
breaking point so you just keep going
till it gets stupid uh which is exactly
what both of us did so um and then when
it's something like diffusing the
situation it's because diffusing the
situation either is good for the
long-term reputation it's right for
there in the moment um you want other
people to see how to handle a situation
like that and just yeah normally that's
the right course of action pretty much
for anything the only time someone can
really get under my skin is if they're
like doing something that's upsetting my
wife and then I I get a little nutty
makes sense makes sense all right so
this next one comes from um Jessica tare
Z how the [__] do you get over the downs
and keep pushing forward give us a life
example please can the way this is just
FD on IG yeah by the time she said
[__] the question like I knew who
this was
right
um so can when we say Downs are we
saying like depression failure can we
get why don't you give me a
clarification while we wait for her um
you think she all right I feel like
maybe the depression okay so one my
whole thing with that and the reason I
asked for a clarifying answer is for me
depression is brain chemistry right so
um one of the things you guys know of
everything I'm asking myself does this
ser serve me if it serves me then I'll
do it so if being depressed is useful
then I'll be depressed if being
depressed isn't useful then I'm going to
shake myself out of it um especially if
you catch it early depression is uh you
can use some really basic things to
begin getting it going in the other
direction now once it becomes really
hardwired and you've been suffering from
it you know from 6 months a year or
something like that then the techniques
that I'm about to give you may not be
sufficient you may just need to go get
help uh and that help may include
medication but here are my I I I'm
taking this probably a little too deep
and then I'll back up and give you a
simpler answer but if it's really
something that is the path of depression
uh start working out immediately the
neurochemistry that you get from working
out is so profound and has just been
shown in study after study to have a
profound impact on depression and
anxiety so work out get your diet right
again all this stuff is controlling your
neurochemistry so if your diet is
totally [__] up the chances are that
your neurochemistry is going to start
getting messed up um the other one
gratitude Focus you get what you focus
on so if you're focusing on all things
that are going wrong then they're going
to continue to get bigger and bigger in
your mind you're going to be hardwiring
that stimulus to feed it through uh
being colored negatively by the Deep
limic system it's going to come out the
other side no matter what the input is
is dark and negative and brooding so um
focusing on the things that are going
right uh fourth ask yourself how's this
the best thing that ever happened to me
so whatever is causing this negativity
like flip it find something positive in
it those four things will change 99% of
this I mean just radically radically
change it um meditation is another great
one just learning to calm your mind
focusing on your breath getting out of
fight or flight what people have to
understand is all of it all of it all of
it all of it comes down to
neurochemistry okay so for instance if
you need an
example if you um lost your significant
other which would just be emotionally
devastating and I can see how that would
um put you into a depressive state if I
were to be able to give you temporary
Amnesia while you had Amnesia all of
your symptoms of depression would go
away because it's tied to the memory
right and so that memory reinforces this
cycle of and and the perfect example of
this is often times when people wake up
when they're in the middle of a
depressive episode for a split second
they forget they're depressed and then
they remember and then it's all bad so
I'll give you an example when um my dog
died which for us was you know I mean
they're like our kids so that was just
brutal but there would be like 30
seconds where you wake up and you're
like oh oh my [__] dog is you know
what I mean and then you're like it's
just that heartbreak comes washing over
you again but that that's when you
realize like this is tied to a memory
this is tied to something I keep cycling
back to over and over and over and
because I keep thinking of it then it's
just it it just becomes this like
looping negative cycle because you get
what you focus on so um really taking
your time and attention away uh from
that I think is super critical um and
then if you're you're just talking about
hey I'm down things aren't going right
but it's not like truly a depressive
state for me it's what I'll say I
learned from um we have another visitor
what I learned from uh the Disney book
which is always return to the product
now the product 99 times out of 100 is
you but looking Inward and saying how
can I improve how can I get better
realizing that whatever it is that
you're lamenting that thing you're
beating yourself up over that you don't
think you're good at other people are
better than you you're not where you
thought you would be by this age your
relationship isn't going as well as it
could like whatever focus on improving
it like don't sit there and beat
yourself up over it remember at any time
you're so malleable and you can learn
skills anytime so start learning those
skills and taking that action to get
better and focusing in your focusing
your energy on the fact that you can
improve that humans are an adaptation
machine that we respond to stressors by
improving um that's always been super
super liberating for me totally um I
didn't see
her
oh so this is the additional context so
from Jessica so I moved to Colorado when
everything oh [__] when everything flows
out um flows but seems to overwhelm at
the same time it all happens at once I
want to do it all but seriously can't do
it all but I'm scared I'll lose the
opportunities um also thank you for the
depression I went through a divorce 17
years of abuse and verbal both verbal
and physical um love everything thing
you said thank you fors um so I think
it's also a partial yeah overwhelm is
totally different so overwhelm the
answer is gratitude meditation gratitude
meditation like the meditation part is
um is mechanical and what I mean by that
is you've got to learn to get out of
fight or flight um and remember it's
never performance it's always practice
so there was a few weeks ago I can't
remember what was happening I talked
about it on I think on Q&A or maybe I
don't remember one of the shows anyway I
talked about it live and I was like Wow
yesterday I actually felt overwhelmed it
was so [__] weird um but for me when
I feel overwhelmed it's like 35 seconds
because I know the mechanisms to kick in
when I start feeling that which are stop
breathe in through your nose hold out
through your mouth hold sit in a
comfortable seat diaphragm breathe like
you literally just have to stop because
your mind will just start racing racing
speeding up speeding up speeding up so
this is one of those things I'm only
sort of kidding like if your house
catches on fire and you're like freaking
out you're actually better to stop for
like 15 seconds and just breathe and
calm yourself down and then move into a
calmer State because you'll be more
effective
so admittedly if my house is on fire
probably just rush to deal with the
issue but I'm saying like anything else
like I'm going to first chill first
chill like step one so you'll see me
like I would do it in the [__] middle
of a business meeting if I had to like
oh this is getting
overwhelming and literally that smile
that I it it could be fake as hell it
doesn't matter it will change your
neurochemistry help so just get on that
accepting that we're all a bunch of uh
mechanical parts and algorithms and that
that'll move you out of fight ORF flight
into the parasympathetic nervous system
rest and digest you'll calm down
and um you know sometimes it takes a
little bit longer like if I'm really
[__] stressed which is different than
overwhelm but if I'm really stressed or
really anxious it might take me 20
minutes to hit equilibrium but I have
never once not even in the most
tumultuous moments of my life I've never
once failed to get to zero on a
background radiation scale from
meditating now it doesn't mean that an
hour later it's not Rising again but
then go back and meditate again
so meditation has never once failed me
to get to zero background radiation so
and i' look I've had crazy [__] happened
so this is not like oh we've just never
had anything no no right I have it's
just you've learned to overcome and deal
with it yep cool mechanistically that's
what I want people to understand it's
not about being smart what a great word
okay so I have a couple shout outs um AR
impac toist tuning in from around the
world we've got Cory um and Deborah from
Vancouver Andy from calgari Yanik from
Calgary yes I like is this somewhere um
and then Yanik also from Vancouver M
from Toronto Canada in the house what is
going on is like a
holiday from Argentina wow Canada
representing they tuned in hard today
which much appreciated guys k um and
then the next question comes from Jean
Carlo Costa Tom I'm 19 and desperate to
do something with my life I have some
ideas but the truth is I don't know what
to do I'm completely lost and
overwhelmed by all the options I want to
acquire skills that would make me a
Lynch pin in a company so I can learn
more about entrepreneurship and business
so that eventually I can start my own
company what are some positions that are
indispensable to all the companies
nowadays uh um uh what are some
positions it's really not the position
and every company is going to be
different like I never would have
imagined that I would one day have a
role called Booker and that the booker
would be a Lynch pin right just never
would have guessed that or Community
like like 10 years ago I didn't even
know what that was like so this stuff is
you know changing rapidly so I don't
think it's about a position I think it's
about a mindset and I think that f
fooling yourself into thinking that
playing in your position is going to
make you a Lynch pin is also a mistake
um you need to understand that lynchpins
are people that transcend their position
they look at the problems that the
business is facing and they help solve
those problems and as a um leader as an
owner there's nothing more incredible
reassuring exciting than having
teammates that don't stay in their Lane
they don't just do their role they're
really taking a broad view of the
company and trying to be useful wherever
they can now always and forever make
sure that you take care of the roles and
responsibilities of your position first
and foremost that you crush those um but
then really looking beyond that scope is
how you make yourself invaluable so get
good at identifying the problems that's
really the
key yeah definitely and I mean for the
most part it's all about your attitude
coming into the company and what you're
willing to take on and I mean
technically my role at Quest I never
really knew what it was right I just
made the whole thing
up cuz it's like I didn't see a job
description when I accepted I accepted
the
company but it is what it is mentally
filing that away let's not repeat those
mistakes absolutely I but you Rose above
right so you didn't get held back ex I
didn't get held back by the fact that I
knew what the core of my
responsibilities was but it didn't limit
the fact that you can see out outside of
that in terms of finding utility and you
know creating things um so this next one
comes from Melissa Adams when you go
against the grain of how the food IND
industry works but you have um but you
have a great idea
wait um so you're going against the
grain should you still pursue it based
on what everyone's saying um you need
more experience in the industry etc etc
um well so I'm going to reach into the
question and assume a few things so it
sounds to me like what's happening is um
you're going against the grain and
people are basically telling you um
you're going against the grain like only
a fool would right so and that is and
there's an awesome quote it's like when
everyone thinks that you're wrong um
you're either Gravely wrong or about to
have a major breakthrough and so being
being able to tell which of the two is
true is uh what makes people successful
so there's no easy way to know whether
you really are going against a grain
like a fool and you can't see like what
everybody else sees which is maybe some
obvious truth um or you're going against
a grain because you see what no one else
can see and it's a brilliant move so you
really have to constantly be asking
yourself am I doing the right thing are
we like what metric can we look at to
know if we're moving in the right
direction and always be willing tojust
just always be open-minded always listen
to the people that think that you're a
fool assess are they right or not and if
they're right then listen and if they're
wrong keep going so you have to have
faith in your vision there's no question
um and for me that really comes down to
knowing what your mission is like what
that why is what are you actually trying
to accomplish so Quest it was easy right
our goal is to end metabolic disease are
we doing that or not should we change
this ingredient or not well which one
has a better metabolic reaction became
very simple so you have that filter by
which to judge things and and then you
can just see like from the market
perspective if you're doing the right
thing are people actually taking it cuz
another critical part was people have to
use it they have to eat it and if
they're not like you can make all this
wonderful stuff but if nobody eats it
then it's totally irrelevant so you know
judging those two things we were
constantly watching the metabolic
response what we were making and then
constantly checking to see like are we
actually moving units um so that's
really important here at impact Theory
you know it's it's similar our mission
pull people out of the Matrix set
another way end generational poverty
it's all about mindset it's not about
money like really asking are the things
that we're doing having an impact on
people and if they are keep doing it and
if they're not stop and then we've
broken it up into smaller things so one
we understand that to do it the way we
want to do it which is to not throw
hundreds of millions of dollars at it
which I think is just a kamakazi mission
um but instead really leverage what's
going on right now today with social
media the crowd the ability to build a
community to connect with them to be
transparent authentic let them know who
you are to get them on your side so that
they'll actually help you build this um
I keep punching the mic today this must
be like like set up ever so slightly
differently I set it up so um but that
is what we're doing so it's like are we
building the community is the community
growing is it um I was just out with
somebody I won't say who last night but
it was really really cool to hear their
assessment of our community he's like
dude there's just nothing like this like
the he was a guest and he said I've been
on so many podcasts I've done so many
interviews and I've never had a
community like respond to me
so like warmly and um with volume I
don't know how else to say that like
just so many people like connecting with
him and trying to help and like engaging
with his content and he was like I've
never seen anything like it and then Jay
samit and I can say this one cuz he um
you know has posted about it um that we
sold out his book on Amazon he was like
I've been on so many podcasts he's like
this is never had before and he's been
on people podcasts that are like
literally from a numbers perspective
more than a hundred times bigger than we
are but they didn't move units right but
we move units because the community is
engaged so it's like you have to
understand like what metrics are super
meaningful to you like will actually
help you in your mission and then steer
by that so I never worry about whether
people think I'm crazy but I worry a lot
about whether I actually am crazy and I
hope that makes
sense all right
so yeah absolutely and by the way thank
you guys so much for being that awesome
like it means the world to me um so
Chris Welch wants to know how do you
prevent believing in what yeah believing
that which empowers you with keeping
your beliefs from calcifi calcifying
into Dogma um so let me just repeat the
question how do you um balance between
doing that which moves you towards your
goals and avoiding uh your beliefs
calcifying into Dogma so in the question
is the answer so if you're always
assessing whether or not something is
moving you towards your goals you're
going to keep from letting it calcify
into Dogma because uh Dogma because
becomes Dogma because people um they
love so a heuristic is a rule of thumb
okay it's a really fancy word but I love
it so much I'd rather teach you guys
what it means then not be able to use it
uh heuristic is a rule of thumb and we
all use them to lower cognitive load
it's an Adaptive piece of
behavior don't worry about it don't
worry about it keep going but aren't you
curious CU I know what's happening
running what's funny is like cuz I know
what's happening yes I have no idea so
this is a very surreal experience for me
um so using those heris to reduce the
cognitive load and uh be able to move
through the world with uh fascinating um
to be able to move through the world uh
very quickly and very easily um is
important to help me Cindy get back
there was so much movement that I lost
my train of thought into Dogma thank you
perfect um so it's good to have those
heuristics but people leverage them way
too much and they it's they're literally
doing it because it's so easy so rather
than do that always have a goal that
you're moving towards something that's
Out Of Reach something that you haven't
accomplished yet and just constantly be
checking against it and it this is
really big we could do a whole show
about why I think it was um uh actually
I don't remember who it was very famous
scientist the name that's coming to mind
is Neil's bore but I know for a fact
that it wasn't bore but somebody um with
a name that shares that neuron in my
brain for some reason said that
basically science progresses one funeral
at a time and what they meant by that
was the only way for the new ideas to
come in is for the old ideas to die out
literally die with the person because
people are so close-minded and it's like
that thing that made them famous that
helped them like have some major
breakthrough like they can't let it go
either because it invalidates their like
entire existence or um because just it's
made them feel so good over the years to
be the one that thought of that I mean
it's just it's so crazy how people like
get into that because it stops being
about like some they're trying to do and
starts being about how they feel right
and how they feel about themselves so
it's like when somebody comes along with
an idea that challenges everything that
you've stood for everything you've put
yourself out there publicly about it's
like what do you do and I remember I
remember reading so good they can't
ignore you which is basically about
passion is garbage like passion is a
joke and what what are people like
telling you to go be passionate is so
stupid and it doesn't make any sense and
I was like the passion guy like all I
ever talked about was passion like
Follow Your Passion it had so changed my
life it was like and when I read that I
was like this is well so I went through
this really fast transition first I was
like oh God like everything I put myself
out there it's all a lie and then I was
like this is amazing this is going to
move me forward and so it's like you
just immediately have to get to that and
that's why I am building my reputation
around one thing I am the learner I am
willing to admit when I was wrong okay
so if I'm saying passion one day and
then the next I move away and here's
what what that book ended up giving me
was an understanding of how to get a
passion not that passion's useless that
because passion I think is that energy
that lets you sustain something but that
book made me realize in know certain
terms you're never going to turn inward
and find a passion you're going to turn
inward and find an interest and through
the gaining of Mastery you're going to
find out whether that interest can
become a love and then a full-blown
passion so it when you're open-minded
when you're open to being wrong when
you're open to I have to change all the
rhetoric that I've been going when you
have to know there are videos out there
of me saying something now and I'm
saying something totally different now
that that Evolution needs to be the
juice and so that's what I'm talking
about that's that's like that is how you
keep it from becoming Dogma because it
has to be measured against your goals
and if my goals are actually to pull
people out of the Matrix any piece of
information that allows me to more
effectively do that that it has to
become part of my new ideology it has to
nice word I like it so we have a couple
more shoutouts it um we've got Laura
tuning in from Ohio Laura defrain Laura
defrain Laura defra in the house my co
moderator she's helping me out with the
impact Theory League um and then we've
got Judo randor Judo their name is Judo
Judo like j u d o that may be one of the
coolest names I've ever heard randor
congratulations to you Judo your name is
badass and he's tuning in from Texas
nice yeah and then we have a special
shout out to one of our community I know
who this is going out to I know to
Joshua for creating this lovely
Masterpiece into my amazing microphone
I'm like which camera do I show it to
that's very flattering very cool amazing
much appreciated and now has a position
of Honor in the house which is why the
running to be G we wanted to make sure
that we gave him a special shout out cuz
I know how hard he worked on that and
took the time to send it yes amazing
Joshua Martel all right and then this
next question comes from pup cypron hi
Tom you're doing a great job you talked
a few times about your way to conduct a
job interview reading a um person in
first s seconds and after this trying to
find out if you were right my question
is how many times you were right from
the beginning and how would you
recommend others take an um take an
efficient interview take on wait from
which side to be an efficient
interviewer I think we should do it from
both sides because at any one point
you'll be on either side of the table
I've never taken the metast stats of how
often I was right I was always just
doing micro adjustments like cuz how
often are you write like in totality
probably zero times um but you're
usually right about certain parts and
wrong about other parts I can tell you
that one thing I realized I am currently
incapable of detecting in an interview
is grit and grit is the thing I care
most about so um back when I was still
at Quest that was like going to be the
next thing that I really really wanted
to get good at was how do you identify
grit because it is not a standard
interview it's not even the atypical
interviews that I was doing so how do
you how do you figure that out and the
the answer that I have now is time so
the reason that we're doing our
internship program basically at this
point God will I make an exception in
the future probably but as of right now
if you want a job at impact year you're
going to you're going to intern first
plain and simple I'm just not bringing
people on full-time that I haven't
worked side by side and seen how they
handle adversity seen whether they've
got the grit to fight through all the
times that they're wrong and so nope
nobody does but that's right sounds kind
of like a duck yeah so um that time time
is the answer to the grit uh question I
think um here's how you be an efficient
interviewer if you want to be an
interviewer you have to get the other
person to lower their guard as rapidly
as possible that usually means that
you're going to have to be super real
super authentic get them in a
comfortable position recognize that
interviewing is the most anxiety
inducing thing of all time people that
are amazing in real life are freaking
out in an interview so you've got to
find a way to lower that pressure get
them to relax so you can see who they
really are um
so I've done all kinds of interviews
I've done interviews where it's
one-onone which can actually be more
anxiety inducing and then I've done huge
like 15 of us and one of them which can
cause legit panic attacks in some people
so the way that we combed that was a lot
of times just um starting with uh quick
introductions like chitchat finding out
something that's funny about them like
little things saying things about
yourself um a lot of times I would um
tease somebody in the group so that
people could see like this isn't an
overly serious thing so get everybody
laughing that was always something that
I tried to do um because it just lowers
the tension in the room ask a typical
question so don't just start with tell
us your story it's like really get into
you know some interesting facts about
them something that they might want to
talk about um also I always let people
know I don't care about your resume that
only tells me where you've been doesn't
tell me where you're going I want to
know who you want to become the price
you're willing to pay to get there so it
gets them focused on like a future thing
something that they're passionate about
if you can trigger passion if you can
trigger excitement um so much the better
so um that's really the efficiency part
comes in and in just lowering their
defenses um it usually makes for a long
first interview but you can hopefully
find things out pretty rapidly without
having to do three four five six
interviews which happens a lot of times
um also as an interviewer depending on
the role I like to see what their 30 60
90day plan is um and with that I'll
transition into how to be a good
interview e um you want to show up
knowing more about that company than the
people that work there I will just tell
you people you hire because you're
trying to solve a problem and when
somebody can come in and show you
exactly how they're going to solve that
problem and they've got a bitching plan
and I swear to God if you walk in and
say in my first 30 days I'm going to
walk around I'm going to get to know
everybody I just want to punch people
across the table like don't come in and
say the obvious [__] don't come in and
say like I'm going to come in I'm going
to be polite I'm really going to try to
establish myself as a good person if you
don't [__] like then what are you
doing here like don't don't cheese out
with stuff like that that's people do
that so they only have to think of a 60
and 90day plan like I would walk in and
say something like this here's my 30 60
90day plan I hope it goes without saying
that I'm going to come in and get to
know the lay of the land I'm going to
try to assess very quickly by actually
talking to the people that know exactly
what needs to be done but rather than
put that in my my plan let's just assume
that I do that first and then here will
be my first 30 60 90 days of
productivity then actually give me
something real these are I'm going to do
this 30 60 990 um so that will show
whether you understand the company
whether you actually understand the
problem they're trying to solve and if
you've got ideas that I haven't heard
before because and this is another thing
that drives me crazy if you walk into an
interview thinking that you can somehow
give away your secrets and you know I've
given away the milk so by the cow um
then you don't have anything of value
let me just say that as aggressively and
offensively as I can if your ideas think
about this for a
second 7 days a week I release content I
go and speak in front of a, people 1500
people at a time my sole goal in that
time in all the content that we're
putting out is to give you every single
secret that I have to teach you how to
out execute
me and
yet people still don't out execute me
because I'm willing to push myself
harder go farther do more deep work all
of that the way to entice people is to
work so hard to give all your stuff away
that they can see like oh my God the
depth of
knowledge experience ability that this
person has is so deep that even if we
work together for 10 years they'll just
keep pushing their skill set out farther
will never be able to get everything out
of them okay that's where you have to
get yourself to that's why you've got to
be pushing doing the Deep work getting
skills nothing impresses humans other
than being capable of the extraordinary
that's it Go in set the bar ridiculously
high and surpass all expectations there
there just isn't another path like think
of any path that correlates with what
you know about human nature think about
the last person that impressed you they
were amazed amazing people impress us
that's it like mediocre people do not
impress us they're never going to get
ahead in life you can you can absolutely
sleep your way to the middle you don't
sleep your way to the top I want to be
really clear about that and sleeping
with can be uh you don't get there by
being um nepotism isn't going to get you
to the top like literally think about
somebody who inherits the company and
they go right to the top what happens to
that company it implodes so at the end
of the day for something to thrive the
people at the top are going to have to
have earned their way there so focus on
becoming one of those people it's just
the only path that works get so good
they can't ignore you that's just the
truth super dope yeah absolutely so and
you have to show that in the interview
show that you are a total badass that
you can outperform
anyone agree and then um special shout
out to Kathy tuning in from Las Vegas
she's a new follower who found us
through the one thing podcast nice
that's awesome so welcome Kathy indeed
um this next question um comes from Nick
rufini so a good place to start with
psychology you say a good place to start
learning about the mind is with
psychology books I've read mindset but
would love to hear more about books that
you like so go to impact theory.com
Tom's reading list I have 25 books in
order that you should be reading if you
want to sharpen your mind whether you're
just trying to be a lynchpin employ
trying to be an entrepreneur you're just
trying to be better at anything um those
are the 25 books that are really going
to shape your mind so dive in read that
list now at the end of that list if
you're looking for more uh let me know
I'm always reading watch my book reviews
most of those books aren't on the list
which by the way do we ever put disrupt
you on the list we should get it
on oh is it live yeah nice so I wrote an
article with much badgering I put this
[__] off
I pushed back I postponed um writing
articles takes an absurd amount of time
literally if it wasn't for agent Smith I
tried to plan a flag and say no more
[__] articles and while he was gone
it actually
worked he came back there so many things
and Italy for a brief minute I didn't
have to write articles and now agent
Smith is back cracking the whip uh but I
wrote for Success magazine yes yes
success.com for success magazine go to
success.com I wrote an Article Five
Books uh about the brain that'll help
Empower you um yeah go read them all
because it was so painful to write that
damn article the link is going to be in
the art in the comments Everyone by way
and here's why like it is so easy to
talk about things because I can say
things like I don't remember what
scientist said that for whatever reason
it's occupying the same neuron as Neil's
bore but it wasn't Neil's bore people
roll with it you can't do that [__] in
an article it's I have to go figure out
who actually said it oh God it takes
forever
so yeah thank God V videos eating the
internet because if I had to do a lot of
Articles it would be a torture chamber
yeah too much time too much time and
that's the same reason I'm using a ghost
writer to write the book so everybody
get real [__] comfortable with that
because either I'm never writing this
stupid thing or I'm using somebody to go
through watch my video content
assimilate it I'll approve it all and
make sure that it's right and make sure
that that is exactly how I say it and
how I think but
dude every time on my most important
list the book is always so low I never
get to it it is important I get that but
it's it want it remember this is a
[__] Studio we are not like the book
is going to help build the audience but
it's like one of 10 things we're doing
to build the audience so I just can't
justify sitting there and typing every
word so at first I was like sheepish
about it and I I was like really tense
that you my beloved community would be
like weird if I didn't write it and so
it just kept getting put off so now
going back to our earlier question like
when do you um like diffuse and when you
get [__] aggressive now I'm
aggressive I'm bullish on using a Ghost
Rider and I will give all credit to my
wife she finally put her foot down and
she was like [__] write the book like
enough is enough so she is the one yeah
that was like get a Ghost Rider I'm
going to start chewing on your eyes uh
so my wife is not to be trifled with
let's be very very clear about that uh
also our ideas are almost universally
amazing so now we're real [__]
comfortable with a Ghost Rider yes we
are so all right so this next one comes
from Laura defrain Tom you've said you
hate working out and I always did as
well until I found rock climbing I love
solving puzzles with my body have you
tried any to find a form of activity
that you enjoy if you have which ones
did you attempt and do you still hate
them all um I have not I have known
intention of doing so and the reason for
that is I resent everything that takes
time away from my mind so um I love
learning so much I can't tell you so
when I'm doing something like working
out super important and I do it and I'm
very very grateful to have a physique
and in fact I'm in the process of
getting summer ready um so I want to
know who in the community is going to
get Summer ready with me uh I want some
people that are going to like let's be
hardcore the only thing is I need you
guys to forgive me when I get Summer
ready my face it looks like I was just
released from aitz like my face gets
scary lean I wish it were not the case
sadly it is the case my wife promises to
put the brakes on if I start looking too
weird uh we can soften the lighting a
little bit um but I am I'm going to be
getting summer ready so I'm uh I've
already started dieting not hard yet but
I'm dieting to the point where like I
want to talk about it cuz I'm [__]
hungry right now um but yeah so drop in
the comments hit me up on IG Facebook
let me know if you're prepared to get in
on this hashtag summer ready uh so at
least I have some people that are
suffering with me um so yeah I like to
work I I am grateful for the opportunity
to work out to get the results because
that's what I want both cognitively and
physically um but I do resent that
that's time that I could be spending on
the mind and I can't tell you how many
times the thought has occurred to me
while I'm lifting and it hurts I'm going
to circle back around to David Goggins
here in a minute
but while I'm working out and it hurts
and it sucks I think I could be reading
right now which is pure pleasure for me
and quite frankly from a business
perspective is a lot more usable and I
think because I I have taken the things
that I've read and manifested into
access to resources financial success um
which is you know I mean make no mistake
it is financial success that has allowed
us to do impact Theory that's another
thing going back to the what makes
impact Theory special we don't have to
please advertisers nothing like we're
just throwing our own Capital at this um
so we're doing it exactly the way that
we want to do it that thing that I was
alluding to earlier that we were all
geeking out about this morning like
that's only going to be possible because
we have access to resources and all of
that that is not a result of working out
that is a result of the things that I've
learned um and then put to use so
because I put it to use I'm always like
frustrated so I'm not looking to rock
climb not going surfing with agent Smith
like they I bet they're all amazing
things and I bet that I would love I'll
just assume I would love them I'm still
not going to do them it's the same
reason I only meditate for a certain
period of time like that [__] is fun but
no I I just can't not for what I want to
accomplish with my life David goggin do
something that sucks every day that's
what I was thinking about today was leg
day for me and I was like this sucks I
want and then I was like David would be
so proud right now although honestly he
would have slapped me six times for
being such a wuss that guy's insane if
you don't know who David goggin is wait
till his episode comes out one of two
things will happen to you it will change
your life and you will love him more
than anything or two you're going to
unsubscribe because you [__] hate him
so much that you can't even be a part of
a show that would put him out that guy
to me though is
incredible love him amazing
amazing amazing he ran a 100 mile race
by mile 70 both feet were broken he had
Shin spun cuz he weighed like over 250
lbs both feet were broken shin splints
he peed blood and he had defecated on
himself that was at M 70 he still had 30
mil to go can you imagine so he tries
walking realiz CU he has to do it in a
certain period of time he realizes that
he's not going to make the time if he
doesn't run so on broken
feet he continues running cuz so he
walked whatever is the difference he
ends up running the final 19 miles um
that's crazy imagine the feces drying on
you as you're running and the Stream of
red urine that's drying on your leg and
you keep running like
what and I know most people are thinking
that's so dumb why would you do that but
what that taught him about himself is a
amazing and so as a part of my summer
ready I'm going to do a 3-day
fast and he's the one that made me
realize okay I need to do it I've done a
three-day fast before they are not fun
and but doing something that sucks I
think is pretty critical and I'll do it
during the week so you guys will get to
see multiple pieces of content with me
fasted that'll be interesting that'll be
interesting yeah all right guys I'm
super excited about that and and I'll
probably do it relatively soon
because um better to do it when I have
more fat stores if I'm completely honest
CU as you get leaner it gets harder and
harder so makes sense fasting coming up
hashtag summer ready and and I want to
know who's going to do it with me I want
other people to do a fast with me and
like I won't even be able to to [__]
with Snapple I'll still do do Diet Coke
cuz it has zero calories but I think my
diet Snapple have five calories which
means they're totally out yeah they do
see I can't I remember the last time I
did it I got such a bad headache on in
the middle of night to it was
unbearable and I thought I need to take
some Advil then I was like what if Advil
has calories so I wouldn't let myself do
it oh my God yeah but like it's it's no
one was watching right no one would know
if I did that but I would know so I was
like can't do it can't so I'm so proud
of that 3day fast cuz I did not [__]
around yeah I mean that's incredible
that question is kind of insane but
um this next question comes from Ron
baturi I'm finding loads of
opportunities but I'm struggling to
figure out the best way to make the
right decisions um what advice do you
have and thanks guys make a decision
fast and then if it sucks then backtrack
out of it once you realize that you can
get back out of any scenario you'll
realize the only real problem is
indecision so go fast do it pick one
trust your gut flip a coin like people
do that a lot flip a coin and then
whatever comes up your emotional
reaction will tell you which one you
wanted so if you're like heads it's path
a tails is path B and path a comes up
and you're like damn it then you know
you want a path B so do path B um so
there's little tricks like that that you
can use the only thing that should make
you and this is where like using um
self-loathing comes in like the only
thing that you should be super
disappointed in yourself for is in
action total failure not a big deal in
action that's pathetic don't do
it okay um so we've got one come from uh
from Leanne SME she says hello from Cape
Town which shout out to South Africa
indeed how do I identify companies that
employ a growth mindset mentality to
their business and people oh wow that's
something I forgot to mention that
question about interviewing you should
be asking them as many questions as
they're asking you and not like the
questions that you're supposed to ask
actually find out who they are um find
out what they're about what they stand
for what they what you can expect when
you're there ask them Point Blank like
you know do you guys know about a growth
mindset is it something that you've
talked about is it something you instill
into the culture I don't think there's
any way to find out about it other than
asking the questions trying to meet
other people that work there um and and
finding out that's really it yeah and I
feel like that's what you should be
looking for yeah in general and you
could read their employee handbook
you'll get cues in there that was one
thing I learned the hard way cuz I think
our handbook at quest uh was pretty bad
and it really is because I fully did not
understand that at the end of the day
all like as the company gets bigger all
people know about you is what you write
down like they'll get little glimpses
and stuff like inside Quest was my
attempt to show people no no no this is
what we're about cuz it's way more DEA
and complex you have like a scowl I'm no
I'm just trying to think I was like did
I I'm sure I got an employee hand you
did most people don't look at it but it
was like when they do like I remember
there was something in our handbook
which I it didn't even make my radar but
it was something like um you can only
take three sick days oh yeah wait so
people were like wait it was yeah 3 SI
days I think quarter or something like
that no period for the year yep 36 days
so anyway whatever number even at three
coming in like with the play essentially
exactly but all dying like we had the
unofficial policy of if you need a day
take a day so it was like it didn't even
make our radar because we didn't care
and all the managers were letting people
go but for the people that didn't ask
then it was like well but the official
policy is 3 days and we didn't even
realize the official policy was 3 days
so it's like oh like this is so [__]
like how's this happening so that's when
I began to realize you are what you
write down and so look at that will give
you a big clue as to what the company is
about like yeah they may want to be a
certain way but they are what they write
down so at least at a certain size makes
sense yeah and can I can I lament about
rules and regulations for a second yeah
a lot of times you have to write down
comes down to the like the laws of the
land it's like such a pain in the ass so
it's like yeah if you were to write down
that you
can take a day whenever you want it's
like it people will actually get mad
that one of the reasons that impact
theory has um unlimited vacation policy
from day one is because it becomes like
this real battle if you say you have two
weeks and then you realize wait that's
so stingy hey we want to move it to an
unlimited vacation policy people will
fight because they feel like they're
owed the money for the two weeks mhm but
it's like wait isn't the idea that you
want the time off and now I'm trying to
give you as much time off
so you could even like get this you
could even have a policy where that
can't be turned into cash so you have
two weeks can't be turned into Cash take
it or lose it switching to an unlimited
vacation policy still causes people to
freak the [__] out so weird I don't want
to derail on that but that that kind of
[__] is weird yeah I don't I don't think
I even think of it that way
um so we're about to wrap up um final
questions um we have some Curiosities
about start Theory um are we bringing it
back what's it like in its new form we
morphed it so it's now um designed to be
search engine friendly so it's really
short
clips that are like answering specific
questions that are designed to pop up on
a search um because one getting
companies that we thought in showcasing
would be valuable that was taking a lot
of time um they weren't getting a ton of
views and also the answers that I was
giving was specific to that person that
industry that business and wasn't
necessarily Universal so um we I when I
I can't remember who came up with the
idea when either I said it or heard
about it you came up with it no no you
came up with a new one did you come up
with startup Theory yeah the new idea is
all 100% agent Smith that is for sure
because he's actually tactical um
questions yeah that's a great idea so
what questions do you guys want to hear
answered that would be amazingly helpful
but to go back to what I was saying I
don't remember um how the original one
came up but I was convinced it was going
to be our highest performing piece of
content I was like startup the is going
to be the jam it's going to be it it's
going to be amazing it's going to crush
and then we did it and it failed so we
changed and adjusted and that's uh
that's just how you do it so we could
have like I guess I could be sitting in
my room right now crying over the fact
that I was so horrifically wrong um or
you just adjust just adjusting seems
smarter to me yeah and so now it's video
only and uh it's on our YouTube channel
word in a playlist and to agent Smith
Point please submit questions and then
we will get you answers yeah and just as
a reminder if this live feed brought you
value share it in order for a chance to
win a do shirt from the impact Theory
store nice
yeah word are we at the end we're at the
end we're wrapping it up Sir all right
everybody thank you guys so much much
for joining us as always this is such a
pleasure it is so much fun to connect
with you guys um if you haven't already
be sure to subscribe and until next time
my friends be legendary take care bye
guys